Astro CLI 1.5 release notes and doc changes (#1136)
astronomer/docs: astro/cli/astro-deployment-create.md

| `-s`,`--scheduler-au`       | The number of AU to allocate towards the Deployment's Scheduler(s). The default is`5`.     | Integer between `0` and `24`                                             |
| `-a`,`--worker-au`          | The number of AU to allocate towards the Deployment's worker(s). The default is `10`.      | Integer between `0` and `175`                                            |
| `-r`,`--scheduler-replicas` | The number of scheduler replicas for the Deployment. The default is `1`. | Integer between `0` and `4`                                              |

> | `--wait` | Don't complete the command until the new Deployment has a [healthy](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-health) status. | None                                            |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--wait` | Waits until the new Deployment has a [healthy](deployment-metrics.md#deployment-health) status before completing the command . | None                                            |
```
